Forceful deletion of Shoots (#8414)
gardener/gardener: docs/deployment/feature_gates.md

| DisableScalingClassesForShoots     | `gardenlet`                       | Disables assigning a ScalingClass to Shoots based on their maximum Node count. All Shoot kube-apiservers will get the same initial resource requests for CPU and memory instead of making this depend on the ScalingClass.                                                                                                                                                         |
| ContainerdRegistryHostsDir         | `gardenlet`                       | Enables registry configuration in containerd based on the hosts directory pattern. The hosts directory pattern is the new way of configuring registries/mirrors in containerd. Ref https://github.com/containerd/containerd/blob/main/docs/hosts.md.                                                                                                                               |

> | ShootForceDeletion                 | `gardener-apiserver`              | ShootForceDeletion adding the force-delete annotation to the Shoot.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: Can we add a bit more information here. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
| ShootForceDeletion                 | `gardener-apiserver`              | Allows forceful deletion of Shoots by annotating them with the `confirmation.gardener.cloud/force-deletion` annotation.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
```
